Document SizeMemoryBackedVolumes feature for 1.20 (#24906)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

node reboot and any files you write count against your container's
memory limit.

{{< note >}}

> If the `SizeMemoryBackedVolumes` feature gate is enabled in 1.20+, users may

Reviewer: I'd write this:
```suggestion
If the `SizeMemoryBackedVolumes` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled, you can
```

Reviewer: Remember to update `/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/`
